hi everyone I'm not at my friend's place
of Debbie house okay shared a lot for
that
so I want to get her on to finish up her
products so I don't waste with her money
okay oh this is a cleanser listen all
these are the regimen cleanser followed
by a toner for of our retina the Ezra
linen day moisturizer sunblock and eye
cream okay these two amid the trees is
to finish up this tool I will recommend
her to buy other brands because these
are too expensive this is about $90 per
bottle these to include I recommend to
continue using it you should finish up
Shahenshah buy a new one this brightener
in fact it consists of four percent of
kojic acid and co-chair see is actually
ramen
research shows that she can help to
lighten up on pigmentation and spot this
aspirin who helped you to escalate of
dead skin cells so it's good and if you
finish up this moisturizer I would
recommend to finish up this one and then
after that if you finish finish up this
one show finish up this one and this one
is actually a ultra skin we read but
Eliza age defying cream after she
finished this one I will recommend her
to finish up this one oxygen therapy
creamy hydrating and detoxify
moisturizer okay after she finished up
this one I recommend to her to finish up
this one that she had bought a well so
then for sunblock anyway she's finishing
days this is SPF 50 then she our command
to finish up this one which is tinted
sun block sunscreen
and then followed by SPF 30 which is
this one and then I would not recommend
her to continue using this eye cream
because it contains petroleum which were
crop the crop the skins is highly
Treadaway and this only some doctors
this is what I bet so she can continuous
in this one